//SPOON FEEDER PROMPT TO MAKE AI ASK FOR CODE:
"Ask me for code one file at a time as needed to make the changes.
I'll say 'y' after each step if successful or share the issue. Just give me code to paste and tell me where exactly to paste."

Usage: When you have already established the context by sharing file structure with the AI and you need the AI to ask for code to make changes.

//SPOON FEEDER PROMPT:
"Now, please give me one simple, concise, actionable step at a time to solve this. 
I'll say 'y' after each step is done. Just give me code to paste and tell me exactly where to paste."

Usage: When the AI is giving you a bunch of steps and complex advice.


//SESSION CONTINUATION PROMPT TEMPLATE:
"
Subject: Assistance with Blockchain Indexer Development Using Go Maestro APIs and OpenAI Integration

Description:
Hello, I am working on a project that involves developing a blockchain indexer using Go Maestro APIs. My goal is to integrate this with the OpenAI API for processing natural language queries. I am currently at a stage where [describe your current progress or the specific issue you're facing].

Task at Hand:
I am focusing on [describe the specific task or functionality you're working on]. This could involve error handling, user query interpretation, or any other aspect of the project.

Current Code:
Here is the relevant part of my code that I am currently working on or having issues with:

javascript
Copy code
// [Insert your code snippet or describe the code section you're referring to]
Specific Requirements:

[List any specific requirements or functionalities you need help with]
[Mention any particular approach or coding style preferences you have]
Request for Guidance:
I need clear, concise, and actionable steps for each part of the development process. I would like to proceed with one step at a time and will confirm with 'y' after completing each step.

Additional Context:

I am not deeply familiar with all the tools and libraries that might be needed for this project. Please guide me on any necessary downloads or installations.
I am using [mention any libraries, frameworks, or tools you have already installed or are familiar with, if any].
"

Usage: When a specific Chat session is used for a long time, it gets slow. To start a new chat session and continue from where you left off.


//SESSION CONTINUATION BIG PICTURE PROMPT 
"
The basic idea is to send an api call to open ai with user query, it returns the correct end point to use with Go Maestro.
Go Maestro receives the call and gives blockchain data.
The blockchain data along with the original query is sent to openai api again to receive the answer to the query and sent it to the user.
"

Usage: Just to remind (co-pilot) what I was trying to do in the first place.


//PUSH CODE FROM LOCAL REPO TO GITHUB
"
I want to push my changes from the local repo to Git Hub. Please give me one step at a time and I'll say 'y' after I'm done with each step or share my issue.
"

Usage: Guides you one step at a time to push your code to Github. (Assuming you already have a Github repo set up and connected to the local repo)

//WORK ASSESSMENT AND NEXT STEPS PROMPT
"
I want you to be my work assessor.
Your job is to compare the requirements doc to my current files in the repository to assess the progress of my project. Then you create a detailed file with my current progress, next steps, and what to work on.

Below are the steps you need to follow:
1. I'll share my requirements document
2. Then you ask for my file structure.
3. I'll share an image of my file structure.
4. Then you ask me for one file at a time and I'll share it
5. This continues until all necessary project files are assessed for current progress
6. Then you create a file that outlines the current progress and the next steps to work on

Is all of that clear? Ask me for clarifications as needed.
"
Usage: Used to create a current progress and next steps document. 
The current progress and next steps file in association with the project requirements file serves as a great way to restart a conversation with an AI.

